when you know your discount phone isn't
factory new because you're buying it off
a private seller
they'll tell you it's pretty much in
perfect condition
the phone may not have a scratch on it
but then you turn it on
and a defective pixel shows up out of
nowhere
what a shame this command would have
shown you
if there are any non-working pixels on
the screen
alright now you're in the market for a
new phone and you're looking through the
ads
that's when booyah there it is the brand
new phone of your dreams with an
unbeatable discount oh not so fast
before handing over your hard earned
cash make sure you dial
this it'll show all the essential
information about the phone
and whether it was refurbished or it's
really factory new
dialing this will instantly tell you all
you need to know about your software
version
same goes for this this quick access
trick
is useful when you've disabled automatic
updates to save on battery life
always check if you have the latest
version since updates can fix bugs and
beef up security holes to keep the bad
guys out
this combo here can also help you know
more about your phone
like your current network battery and
usage statistics and many others
it's handy if you can't understand
what's going on with your battery
and why your phone runs out of power so
often
by the way not all these commands are
just a random number combination
since it's a hidden word written in the
almost forgotten ancient t9 language
for example each digit in this combo
stands for a letter in the phone's
keyboard
4 stands for i 6 is n 3 is for f
and 6 is also o what do we get in the
end
info right you are how many more codes
can you decipher throughout this video
more on security say your friend needs
to borrow your phone
but you've got some apps you'd rather
they didn't see or click on
you can pin certain applications so they
only open
after you enter your lock screen code go
to settings
the security menu and enable screen
pinning
if you go to security and privacy
settings you'll find the smart
lock function thanks to gps tracker it
automatically disables the screen lock
when you're at home
or in other safe places of your choice
fair warning
gps will shorten your battery life
to prolong your battery and especially
internet traffic
try restricting apps that wake up in the
background
go to the android data usage menu now
that you see all your apps
you can check the details and scroll
down to the restriction button
even worse than a bad connection is when
your phone gets stolen
in that case you have to access the imei
number to block your phone remotely
this will bring it up instantly
ah who needs internet when there's a
secret game on your android right now
head into the settings then find your os
icon
tap on it repeatedly and it'll open a
fun
game mine's an octopus that i can make
swim around the screen
what did you find
phones have pretty much replaced digital
cameras and they're just about as
complicated as dslrs
to learn everything about your phone's
camera just dial this
okay are you ready to take a picture
then say
geez if you're traveling and can't get a
good connection
dial this to test the gsm signal that's
the global system for mobile
communications
and this secret code will work even
abroad since
ninety percent of places have it hence
the whole global thing
this code will enable a quick access
menu where you can start a range of
different
phone operations with a single push it
can be
sleep mode front camera and many other
functions
anyone who's lost important data just
because your device deleted it for some
unknown reason knows the frustration
never worry about accidents like that
again
if you just type in get ready for it
yeah
it enables a file copy screen where you
can backup your media files like
pictures videos and audio
[Music]
now what about accessing a service that
could be
listening in on you secretly reading
your private messages
ah relax this isn't a bond movie dialing
this
will open what's called google talk
monitoring
yes it does keep records of all your
communication
but it usually is used by employers to
monitor their workers
you know to make sure business hours are
being used for business
not discussing last week's epic party it
also shows your device id
gtalk connection status and history and
even your gtalk heartbeat status
google does collect information on you
from your android device
but it's mostly so they can show you
personalized ads you'd be into
be that makeup video games tech
home improvement you name it versus your
aunt and her love of garden gnomes
you can find all this information in
your google settings from your phone
find the ads menu and choose opt out of
ads personalization
if you'd rather google didn't know your
interests or you can opt out of ad
categories they might have gotten wrong
about you
now to feel like a true phone engineer
dial
this plus call and it'll bring up the
epst menu
this lets you program your phone so you
can for instance
improve your call quality or try to save
your battery life
careful though when you're reprogramming
your phone
some settings can never go back to how
they were before
say you need to sell your old phone it's
time to wipe out the inside
warning don't try this right now the
secret code is
this thing it will return your phone
back to the factory settings
you can also try this one if the first
one didn't work
out it'll delete all your apps and reset
your settings
while you're on the trip say your
hotel's internet isn't working right
could be their side or something's wrong
with your phone
use this code or this command to test
whether your phone is catching an
available wireless connection
there's one more secret code to check a
lousy line
this one this command enables a loopback
test
that verifies whether the device signal
is working right or not
gone are the days of standing up on
hills with our phones held up toward
the sky phone backlighting won't turn on
vibration mode driving you nuts you
could go and check your general settings
but here's the fast way dial this
to check your phone's backlighting and
vibration remember when we had to
download apps to check stuff like that
oh how times have changed
if your gps is messing up here's the
secret code to test it
this or this good to know if you ever
get lost
you can also test your bluetooth
connection by dialing this